Overhaul "Defining a schema" documentation (#3662)
ChilliCream/hotchocolate: website/src/docs/hotchocolate/defining-a-schema/object-types.md

    });
```

We can also override it on a per type basis:

```csharp
public class BookType : ObjectType<Book>
{
    protected override void Configure(IObjectTypeDescriptor<Book> descriptor)
    {
        descriptor.BindFields(BindingBehavior.Implicit);

        // We could also use the following methods respectively
        // descriptor.BindFieldsExplicitly();
        // descriptor.BindFieldsImplicitly();
    }
}
```

## Ignoring fields

<ExampleTabs>
<ExampleTabs.Annotation>

In the Annotation-based approach we can ignore fields using the `[GraphQLIgnore]` attribute.

```csharp
public class Book
{
    [GraphQLIgnore]
    public string Title { get; set; }

    public Author Author { get; set; }
}
```

</ExampleTabs.Annotation>
<ExampleTabs.Code>

In the Code-first approach we can ignore certain properties of our POCO using the `Ignore` method on the `descriptor`. This is only necessary, if the binding behavior of the object type is implicit.

```csharp
public class BookType : ObjectType<Book>
{
    protected override void Configure(IObjectTypeDescriptor<Book> descriptor)
    {
        descriptor.Ignore(f => f.Title);
    }
}
```

</ExampleTabs.Code>
<ExampleTabs.Schema>

> TODO

Author: Add Schema-first

</ExampleTabs.Schema>
</ExampleTabs>

## Including fields

In the Code-first approach we can explicitly include certain properties of our POCO using the `Field` method on the `descriptor`. This is only necessary, if the binding behavior of the object type is explicit.

```csharp
public class BookType : ObjectType<Book>
{
    protected override void Configure(IObjectTypeDescriptor<Book> descriptor)
    {
        descriptor.Field(f => f.Title);
    }
}
```

> # Naming

Author: Cover Methods starting with Get, etc.

Hot Chocolate infers the names of the object types and their fields automatically, but sometimes we might want to specify names ourselves.

<ExampleTabs>
<ExampleTabs.Annotation>

Per default the name of the class is the name of the object type in the schema and the names of the properties are the names of the fields of that object type.

We can override these defaults using the `[GraphQLName]` attribute.

```csharp
[GraphQLName("BookAuthor")]
public class Author
{
    [GraphQLName("fullName")]
    public string Name { get; set; }
```

</ExampleTabs.Annotation>
<ExampleTabs.Code>

> Per default the name of the object type in the schema is either the class name, if we are inheriting from `ObjectType`, or the name of the POCO, if we are inheriting from `ObjectType<T>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the name of the object type in the schema is either the class name, if we are inheriting from `ObjectType`, or the name of the POCO (`T`) if we are inheriting from `ObjectType<T>`. See [Naming Conventions](todo... link).
```

We can override these defaults using the `Name` method on the `IObjectTypeDescriptor` / `IObjectFieldDescriptor`.

```csharp
public class AuthorType : ObjectType<Author>
{
    protected override void Configure(IObjectTypeDescriptor<Author> descriptor)
    {
        descriptor.Name("BookAuthor");

        descriptor
            .Field(f => f.Name)
            .Name("fullName");
    }
}
```

</ExampleTabs.Code>
<ExampleTabs.Schema>

Simply change the names in the schema.

</ExampleTabs.Schema>
</ExampleTabs>

This would produce the following `BookAuthor` schema object type:

```sdl
type BookAuthor {
  fullName: String
}
```

# Explicit types

> Hot Chocolate will most of the type correctly infer the schema types of our fields. Sometimes we might have to be explicit about it though, for example when we are working with custom scalars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hot Chocolate will, most of the time, correctly infer the schema types of our fields. Sometimes we might have to be explicit about it though, for example when we are working with custom scalars.
```

🤣 , so much "type" words you typed it wrong.

We can override these defaults using the `[GraphQLName]` attribute.

```csharp
public class Author
{
    [GraphQLType(typeof(StringType))]
    public string Name { get; set; }
}
```

</ExampleTabs.Annotation>
<ExampleTabs.Code>

In the Code-first approach we can use the `Type<T>` method on the `IObjectFieldDescriptor`.

```csharp
public class AuthorType : ObjectType<Author>
{
    protected override void Configure(IObjectTypeDescriptor<Author> descriptor)
    {
        descriptor
            .Field(f => f.Name)
            .Type<StringType>();
    }
}
```

</ExampleTabs.Code>
<ExampleTabs.Schema>

Simply change the field type in the schema.

</ExampleTabs.Schema>
</ExampleTabs>

# Additional fields

We can add additional (dynamic) fields to our schema types, without adding new properties to our backing class.

<ExampleTabs>
<ExampleTabs.Annotation>

```csharp
public class Author
{
    public string Name { get; set; }

    public DateTime AdditionalField()
    {
        return DateTime.Now;
    }
}
```

</ExampleTabs.Annotation>
<ExampleTabs.Code>

> In the Code-first approach we can use the `Type<T>` method on the `IObjectFieldDescriptor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Code-first approach we can use the `Resolve` method on the `IObjectFieldDescriptor`.
```

```csharp
public class AuthorType : ObjectType<Author>
{
    protected override void Configure(IObjectTypeDescriptor<Author> descriptor)
    {
        descriptor
            .Field("AdditionalField")
            .Resolve(context =>
            {
                return DateTime.Now;
            })
    }
}
```

</ExampleTabs.Code>
<ExampleTabs.Schema>

> TODO

Author: Add Schema-first

</ExampleTabs.Schema>
</ExampleTabs>

What we have just created is a resolver. Hot Chocolate automatically creates resolvers for our properties, but we can also define them ourselves.

> Head over to the [resolver documentation](/docs/hotchocolate/fetching-data) to learn more.

Reviewer: Do we need to touch on here (unless covered somewhere else):
* `ResolveWith`
* `Field<ClassWithResolvers>(x => x.GetSomeField(default!, default!, default!));`
* And maybe touch on the async overloads which some people struggle with too

Author: I plan on covering this in the resolver document.
